in a world dominated by the ford mondeo
Vox insignia and BMW 3-series it's hard
to make a real impression but this
third-generation Mauser six has come on
leaps and bounds from its predecessor
giving it the perfect opportunity to
stand out against the more obvious
executive saloons so is it worth
considering these sorts of family cars
notoriously bland
the Mazda 6 is a breath of fresh air
with plenty of curved lines including
these swooping front wings all helping
to give it a dynamic look
inside it doesn't quite have the quality
the German brands but isn't half bad
although the seat materials look a bit
cheap the infotainment controls
reminiscent of Audi are pretty easy to
use it's a bit small and has lots of
little spaces for stuff we have the
mid-level SEL trim with TomTom sat-nav
it gets rain sensing wipers front and
rear parking sensors bluetooth and so on
the coupie lines of a car mean rear
space is ok but might be a bit tight for
tool path injures while boot space is
good at 483 liters but looted out to
rivals such the Mondeo that has 528
liters
there's a good range of theory to petrol
2.2 litre diesel engines with this 2.2
liter delivering 148 brake horsepower
being the most popular thanks to great
running costs co2 emissions 404 grounds
per kilometer and fuel economy of
seventy four point two miles per gallon
making it perfect company car fodder
with that box ticked it's also a
brilliant driving car is lighter than
its predecessor and hit 62 miles per
hour in nine seconds with smooth and
ample acceleration through the six gears
it's a great motorway cruiser to buy
tool for this kind of car but also
handles in a way that belies its size
keeping excellent grip around bends
making it a fine competitor for the Ford
Mondeo sharp dynamics on the negative
side steering is a touch light offering
little feedback at speed while that
firmness is great for handling but makes
it a little crashing over bumps this car
makes massive emerge over the outgoing
model making Mazda a very relevant
player in a huge fleet market while
there are some minor misgivings this is
a superb family car for buyers wanting a
practical and fun motor which offers
great running costs unless you've
Piketty than most of its rivals it's
also cheaper to buy than many of its
foes so what do you think does the Mazda
6 make the cut over the Mondeo or
insignia let us know in the comment
section and don't forget to subscribe to
our YouTube channel